Rest assured, marry me.
I want to see.
Which Long Xuyen family stands out?
Dare to be in front of my Fu Yannian
After all, this is an order worth hundreds of billions.
Yes, no matter how real your props are, they are useless.
Let me go.
Idiot, you still don't believe me.
You can just stay here and watch.
Good.
Lady of the Wei family, two of the four Long Xuyen families.
The richest person in the Long Xuyen family
Never participate in socializing
But parties matter
When rich people come, their wives also tutor them.
Before you cheated, you didn't prepare to go fishing.
Ha ha.
I am Long Xuyen, the third great family, Trieu Tu Long
Place your words here today
Insult the richest girl
Even if you are a real sideline year
You have to endure it.
I brought it out.
I am the last son of the Long Xuyen Vuong family
Or.
Beat me to death.
Our eldest lady has this evil aura.
If anything happens
Three large families in the countryside
The Wei King of the Zhao family lived alone, ha ha
I'm curious.
Wei Dynasty in Long Xuyen
The owners of the three Trieu families know you.
You are not afraid of the rich man's anger.
Let the three of you families disappear after eating barbecue?